go ahead and get moving on. So, next up,
we're we're going to talk about Gemini.
Um, and again, this is prefacing that
you've already created your AI twin, um,
your custom gym. So, I'm not going to go
through all of that. Um, I did drop the
link in the comments if anyone has not
already filled that out, but we're going
to go ahead and and move on.
So, um, you know, and this is going to
kind of go over creating your local
content engine and kind of how to use
that. So, again, you want to have your
AI twin gym that you've already built.
And I mean, you guys can do this in Chat
GPT, Claude, Perplexity, you know,
DeepSeek, whatever platform that you
want to. Um, of course, you know, make
sure that if you're using anything other
than Gemini with your loan factory email
that you never under any circumstances
put any of the customers personal
private information into that. So, you
can with the loan factory Gemini because
that is hosted on our enterprise um
cloud servers. So, there's that data
does not get shared. So, um all right.
So, um, this also, you know, with this
there in the guide that you guys will
all have access to. So, there's some
different copy and paste prompts, um, in
that that will help you do this. You'll
just kind of customize them. But, I'm
going to go ahead and play this section
of the walkthrough, these different
platforms. And so, now what I can do is
I can, we're going to go over here to
Gemini and I'm in my AI Twin. And so,
I'm going to go ahead and give it a
prompt to create a Google business
social media post. I'm sorry, Google
business post. my fault. And so since
we're kind of covering the $2,000
guarantee, that's what I'm going to roll
with. And it's of course given me, you
know, Facebook post, all of the
different ones that I use. Mine is
definitely set up a little bit
different. So now you can take this here
and then go back over to your Google
business profile and you're going to
click right here where it says add
update. And then that's where you're
going to drop that in here. Want to make
sure that you got the format nice and
keep going.
>> Uh I didn't want it to cut off that
quick. All right, so let let's go
>> clean on it. Definitely want to make
sure that you have all of the URL to the
guarantee for loan factory. And then
from here, you could go ahead and upload
whatever image that you have created.
You could add a button if you would like
to, which buttons never hurt. So, call
now is a great one, or you could do
learn more, but I I tend to use call
now. And then it's going to go ahead and
automatically include your phone number.
And so, now I'm going to go ahead and
post this. All right. Now, you can take
that exact same image and you can go in
and, you know, start using your Facebook
post. So now you can come in here and go
grab that. Then I'm going to head over
to Facebook. Anytime you Facebook,
personal page is always going to be your
best bet. Oh, and look at this right
here. I absolutely love this. This is
Scott. Scott's one of the guys on my
team. This is fantastic. Absolutely
fantastic. You see, he did a fantastic
job right here. He's got the
loanfactor.com best price guarantee. All
right. So now Oh, no. I got to love that
one. You know what? And I I can't always
spell. But you want to show love to your
fellow loan officers. You know, the
reality is is that we compete against
retail lenders, not against each other.
So, show love to each other. And then
also, one of the great things that you
can do, I want everybody to do if you
have your Google business profile
already set up, and I think this is also
something that would be fantastic to do
in, you know, the loan officer or the
marketing chat. Go ahead and get your
your link for reviews. So, ask for a
review. Click there. And you're going to
take this right here. And so if you
already have it, I want you to take this
and I want you to drop it in the
comments right now. And everyone that's
in this training, I want you to pick at
least five people and go give them a
review. And people just need a Gmail
address. That's all they need. In
addition to that, you can take this
link, you can send it to your friends
and family members, you know, on social
media, text messages, whatever, and just
let them know, hey guys, you know, these
these Google world view.
So, that's that's a really good strategy
that I've seen a lot of people do. I
I'll click back on to the video, but
requesting family members, friends,
co-workers to give you those reviews if
you're new, you know, and try to get it
to where that you have at least 10 or so
reviews, it does make a difference. And
and that is one of the things that will
get you to start having applications
just get completed and then you call
someone up and you're like, hey, I'm
just reviewing your application. How did
you find out about me? And it's like,
oh, Google recommended you. So that's
always are highly important. you know,
if you could please give me a review,
that would be fantastic. You definitely
want to make sure that you're asking
real estate agents for these reviews,
that you're asking your customers for
these reviews. And I mean, there there's
nothing that says that when you take an
application that you can't ask a
customer to do a review, then you don't
have to have a closed loan to be able to
do that. But this definitely makes a
huge impact. So, I I encourage everybody
to do that. But yeah, so I'm going to go
back over here and now I'm going to take
that same image and oh shoot, I have to
go back since I did some other copying.
So I'm going to come back over here, go
back to Facebook, and you're going to,
of course, want to make sure that you
clean up the formatting on it. All
right. And a couple just little good
tips. Facebook, for whatever reason,
loves it when you tag yourself in a
location. And oddly enough, they love it
when you're feeling or having an
activity. So, I mean, I I really do try
to, you know, go in here and put a
different feeling. Go ahead and tag
myself and and now and I'm going to take
a little snip of it. And then I'm just
going to come over here and hit copy.
I'm going to come back over here. I'm
going to go ahead and upload that image.
And then I've got a nice reference photo
of myself that I'm going to put up in
there as well. So, now I'm just going to
drop this prompt in here. And one of the
great things that you can do to get
these prompts is you could upload an
image of yourself and the image that
you're wanting to combine it with. And
you can literally just say and not have
it in the image creation mode, but but
ask it say, "Hey, I want you to give me
a prompt that is going to use these two
images to create a dynamic social media
or Google business profile, you know,
image. and I want it to make sure that
it stays true to who I am and my
likeness so on and so on. And then you
just take that same prompt and there you
go. So looking at this, it does have the
compliance part on it that we need. Now
you always just want to keep in mind
that when it comes to image generation
from Gemini, you're going to have this
little Gemini emblem. If you have a
iPhone or a Mac computer, you can remove
that. I I can't speak to traditional PCs
and Android. I'm sure that there's a way
to do it. But so now you have your image
and so now you would be able to go ahead
and take that image and have it combined
and do your post on social media. So
that is a way to create that as well.
And like you guys see, I've got a bunch
of tattoos and for the most part